Update blocker documentation (#426)
cpanel/elevate: docs-website-src/content/blockers.md

* **cPanel is up to date**
  * You will need to be on a version mentioned in the "Latest cPanel & WHM Builds (All Architectures)" section at http://httpupdate.cpanel.net/
  * Mitigation: `/usr/local/cpanel/scripts/upcp`
* **Name Server**

>   * cPanel provides support for a myriad of name servers. (MyDNS, NSD, BIND, PowerDNS). On RHEL 8 based distributions, it is preferred that you always be on PowerDNS.

Author: I'll take that bit out.

  * Mitigation: `/scripts/setupnameserver powerdns`
* **MySQL**

>   * If the version of MySQL/MariaDB installed on the system is not supported on RHEL 8 based distributions, it **must** be upgraded to a version that is. If the MySQL installation is managed by cPanel we will offer to upgrade MySQL automatically to MariaDB 10.6 during elevation.

Reviewer: Passive voice.
```suggestion
  * If the version of MySQL/MariaDB installed on the system is not supported on RHEL 8 based distributions, you **must** upgrade to a supported version. If cPanel manages the MySQL installation, we will offer to upgrade MySQL automatically to MariaDB 10.6 during elevation.
```

>   * Elevation will block if a MySQL upgrade is in progress.

Reviewer 2: Maybe move this to 'Conflicting Processes'?

Author: That section names scripts that, if running, are a conflict.  For a MySQL upgrade, is is something that cPanel/WHM just has running in the background.  So, I don't think it necessarily fits there.

  * The system **must** not be setup to use a remote database server.
* Some **EA4 packages** are not supported on AlmaLinux 8.
  * Example: PHP versions 5.4 through 7.1 are available on CentOS 7 but not AlmaLinux 8. You would need to remove these packages before upgrading. Doing so might impact your system users. Proceed with caution.
* The system **must** be able to control the boot process by changing the GRUB2 configuration.

>   * The reason for this is that the leapp framework which performs the upgrade of distribution-provided software needs to be able to run a custom early boot environment (initrd) in order to safely upgrade the distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The reason for this is that the Leapp framework, which performs the upgrade of distribution-provided software, needs to be able to run a custom early boot environment (initrd) in order to safely upgrade the distribution.
```

  * We check for this by seeing whether the kernel the system is currently running is the same version as that which the system believes is the default boot option.
  * We also check that there is a valid GRUB2 config.
* We block if your machine has multiple network interface cards (NICs) using kernel-names (`ethX`).
  * Since `ethX` style names are automatically assigned by the kernel, there is no guarantee that this name will remain the same upon upgrade to a new kernel version tier.
  * The "default" approach in `network-scripts` config files of specifying NICs by `DEVICE` can cause issues due to the above.
  * A more in-depth explanation of *why* this is a problem (and what to do about it) can be found at [freedesktop.org](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/).

>   * One way to prevent these issues is to assign a name you want in the configuration and re-initialize NICs ahead of time.

Author: That sounds a lot better.

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Reviewer 3: not docker. Docker is not supported. More like Virtuozzo. I'm not actually certain if there are other examples we support.

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Reviewer 2: Since Virtuozzo is covered in more detail in the --no-leapp/almaconvert8 documentation, and, if there are no other valid examples, should 'Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.' be included in this section?

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Reviewer 2: or maybe provide Virtuozzo as an example with a link to their solution: https://docs.virtuozzo.com/virtuozzo_hybrid_server_7_users_guide/advanced-tasks/converting-containers-with-almaconvert8.html

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Author: These are the ones we look for and block on:
      virtuozzo
      vzcontainer
      lxc
      virtualiron
      vserver

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Reviewer 3: I'm fine with the docs without an example. It wouldn't hurt (in a different PR) for us to clearly document the vz8convert script and advertise it for people looking for it. Feel free to open a case @annes449

> * Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.

Author: Based on our discussion in slack, I'll leave the comment as-is.

* If running JetBackup, it **must** be version 5 or greater. Earlier versions are not supported.
* On **CentOS** 7, the system **must not** have Python 3.6 installed; this will interfere with the upgrade. On **CloudLinux** this is not an issue.

> * Elevation will block if the sshd config file is absent or cannot be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Elevation will block if the `sshd` config file is absent or unreadable.
```

* These issues with the YUM repositories can cause ELevate to block:

>   * Invalid syntax or use of `\$`. That character is interpolated on RHEL 7 based systems, but not on systems that are RHEL 8 based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Invalid syntax or use of `\$`. That character is interpolated on RHEL 7 based systems but not on systems that are RHEL 8 based.
```

* **cPanel is up to date**
  * You will need to be on a version mentioned in the "Latest cPanel & WHM Builds (All Architectures)" section at http://httpupdate.cpanel.net/
  * Mitigation: `/usr/local/cpanel/scripts/upcp`
* **Name Server**
  * cPanel provides support for a myriad of name servers. (MyDNS, NSD, BIND, PowerDNS). On RHEL 8 based distributions, it is preferred that you always be on PowerDNS.
  * Mitigation: `/scripts/setupnameserver powerdns`
* **MySQL**
  * If the version of MySQL/MariaDB installed on the system is not supported on RHEL 8 based distributions, it will need to be upgraded to a version that is. If the MySQL installation is managed by cPanel we will offer to upgrade MySQL automatically to MariaDB 10.6 during elevation. Declining the offer to upgrade MySQL will block the elevation. If the MySQL installation is managed by CloudLinux, then the upgrade must be performed manually.  This can be done by running the following command:

>   `/usr/local/cpanel/bin/whmapi1 start_background_mysql_upgrade version=10.6`

Reviewer 4: I would leave this part out of the documentation here or at least clarify that it is only if MySQL is managed by cPanel.  

It reads like this is the command to execute to update MySQL managed by CloudLinux, but this is likely bad advice.  If it is managed by CloudLinux, then they would most likely want to use MySQL governor instead.  In that case, the command would look something like:

```
/usr/share/lve/dbgovernor/mysqlgovernor.py --mysql-version=mariadb106
/usr/share/lve/dbgovernor/mysqlgovernor.py --install
```

If anything, it is probably better to point them to this:  https://docs.cloudlinux.com/shared/cloudlinux_os_components/#upgrading-database-server

But my recommendation is to leave that advice out of the documentation since the script already has it when appropriate.

  You will need to wait for the upgrade to be complete before re-running the elevate script. Elevation will block if a MySQL upgrade is in progress.
  * The system **must** not be setup to use a remote database server.
* Some **EA4 packages** are not supported on AlmaLinux 8.
  * Example: PHP versions 5.4 through 7.1 are available on CentOS 7 but not AlmaLinux 8. You would need to remove these packages before upgrading. Doing so might impact your system users. Proceed with caution.

> * The system **must** be able to control the boot process by changing the GRUB2 configuration (unless using the --no-leapp option).

Reviewer 3: I'd rather we not mention --no-leapp. I'm ok documenting this elsewhere but it's really for script developers who might use it. It's going to confuse anyone else.

Reviewer 3: More specifically, nobody should ever run --no-leapp by hand, it's for other code to invoke this so it doesn't seem right to document it here.

Author: I'll remove the --no-leapp references.

  * We also check that there is a valid GRUB2 config.
* We block if your machine has multiple network interface cards (NICs) using kernel-names (`ethX`).
  * Since `ethX` style names are automatically assigned by the kernel, there is no guarantee that this name will remain the same upon upgrade to a new kernel version tier.
  * The "default" approach in `network-scripts` config files of specifying NICs by `DEVICE` can cause issues due to the above.
  * A more in-depth explanation of *why* this is a problem (and what to do about it) can be found at [freedesktop.org](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/).
  * One way to prevent these issues is to assign a name you want in the configuration and re-initialize NICs ahead of time.
* Running the system in a container-like environment is not supported.
* If running JetBackup, it **must** be version 5 or greater. Earlier versions are not supported.
* On **CentOS** 7, the system **must not** have Python 3.6 installed; this will interfere with the upgrade. On **CloudLinux** this is not an issue.
* Elevation will block if the sshd config file is absent or cannot be read.

> * These issues with the YUM repositories can ELevate to block:

Reviewer 4: *can cause

## Using OVH proactive intervention monitoring

If you are using a dedicated server hosted at OVH, you should **disable the `proactive monitoring` before starting** the elevation process.  To indicate you have done this, you must create the touch file `/var/cpanel/acknowledge_ovh_monitoring_for_elevate` or elevation will block when it detects that the system is hosted by OVH.
The proactive monitoring incorrectly detects an issue on your server during one of the reboots.
Your server would then boot to a rescue mode, interrupting the elevation upgrade.

[Read more about OVH monitoring](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001821044-Overview-of-OVHcloud-Monitoring-on-Dedicated-Servers)

# Leapp preupgrade (dry run) check

> If no issues are found, Elevate will perform one more check before performing the upgrade: it will perform a "dry run" of the leapp upgrade by executing `leapp preupgrade`.  This will point out any problems that leapp would encounter during the actual upgrade.  If any errors are found, they will need to be addressed before performing the upgrade.  This test is only performed when the script is invoked with the --start option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no issues are found, Elevate will perform one more check before performing the upgrade: it will perform a "dry run" of the Leapp upgrade by executing `leapp preupgrade`.  This will point out any problems that Leapp would encounter during the actual upgrade.  If any errors are found, they will need to be addressed before performing the upgrade.  This test is only performed when the script is invoked with the --start option.
```
